Blogging.
So let's try to Attash Are you a host do this profile a fight.
So we can't do it from this place.
We got to do a host right there and we tried to Attash on detached hosts and cluster.
If you remember this option because Attash are the cluster or a specific host of course here its only
show your summer.
What are we going to do it from the other why we got to do house and cluster
chick dismissed doesn't write her.
You see this warning that I shill for the host has been enabled and is is H for the horse has been in
the cities.
Of course we enable its edge and Isak's I showed for the studio.
So we go to the heart that we want to attach cost profile to it.
We click on Nates we got to host profile and we have Attash Holst's profile.
So no we can chose this one.
And of course it will not ask us for the customization because none of the hosts require additional
customization.
That's mean we don't need to make any customization because the configuration exists in this profile
does not have any conflict with different hosts.
So it's what perfect.
Of course a lot of time when you attach our hospital files to a host almost a lot of time will ask you
to reboot.
E-6 I host it with food Isak's I holes in Dement and a smoke and will Magness the difference between
a machine exists in that house and another is a host that will reboot this want to apply new configuration
change.
So we click Finish and not we have a sheet.
Our hosts profile 2 is x.
I host them all.
So if we click on this host and go to hospital 5 we have the new option available.
Church hosts provide that I mean we just need to disconnect the previewer hospital fight and utter shit
on no one.
We control this one.
We mediate this mean applied to change that exists in the hospital.
So we apply the conflagration from the hospital fight in this host of course this option with Dway Diptosh
us profile thats when you want to do this profile from this is because I host.
It's like we're back to the previous state check Haast profile compliance lets me check if there are
any change that can be applied from the host profile if we connect.
That has provided we get it right not to.
I one will not have any change will be applied because its the same configuration.
But in this work we have some difference if we check to profit compliance will have some change then
the rest it has customization.
You want to restate those comments musician to the pre-drawn export that has customisation to export
to customisation outside idiot hosts customisation it is any customization for all that of course.
You can actually use AXO musician fight like the one that we use for our military machine.
So lets try to make it too complex before that lets go back to hospital find us or find returned and
we chose this one.
You see in Kano State House is one click on that you get details about the Haast connected or cluster
if we chose the cluster you will find this right here.
We got to Samari.
No we have no state about compliance.
So we need to make our check compliance.
We can do it from the host directly or we can simply click Check hospital profile compliance.
So we click on that.
It will check the compliance of the host profile we host number two and give you the data about its
So what is it.
Is it true compliance.
So what I do is not compliance.
We do other shit profile.
I mean there are some change between this hospital five and six.
I hope that we connect to it.
That's me.
It's not compliance for 100 percent.
There are some different configuration between the host and hosts profile.
But I mean we need to apply the configuration.
So if we back to when I turn to the host and we click on the x i Horstmann but you will see our massaged
Haast is not in compliance with the attachment profile.
I mean there are some change between the holes and profile.
For example you apply this Haast profile to our new I host.
And one day you make a small change in the host provide when you check compliance.
You see all the holes that these Mott's apply to change in its configuration.
So you need to apply the challenge to argue is X a holes just delete this message.
So we go its a host.
We got your host provider and we chose remediate to apply to change.
So let's check before doing that.
So if we go to different service so you see I told Isak's I shit and it is stop if we go to that and
sign same configuration is desirable and does it stop it stop.
And it typically is disabled.
So lets try to apply do Haast profile in this one.
So we chose remediate the head is it it's good to shake the one that we did before to tell you if this
post is undergoing immediate or mot so we can chose this one.
It's the same as we did in the preview.
Then it will give you the state of the hospital fight.
This Isak's I host so ready to remediate.
That's mean.
It's ready to make an immediate head is it the difference.
Change of course when you apply our cost profile you will get about the child that can be happen.
Configure time server to be this IP.
Starting the start up policy for service S M to on sitting to startup policy for service S M S S H.
On setting the startup policy for service in the PD you aren't.
This is the divide that will be applied to do new House of course in the right environment you will
have more detailed iterum this is just an example.
Then reboot Hall's wish rock y.
Let's see if any of the city and county need to reboot the host to apply.
You check this one.
That's me and will automatically reboot any post.
Of course it will put it in dimensionless mode.
It will migrate the difference between machine to another host.
Then reboot this hoss and immigrates do a virtual machine to this review Hulst.
So check this one.
Some Hulst might require reboot to complete a remediation process if you wish to manually reboot tossed
and or the process.
The check box.
Of course we leave it like that.
Then we click Finish and remember the last option will be to enable and do other service will be changed
to enable
it to stay right there.
There are host configuration change applied Buche apply whilst on the Grecian brushless me and our list
of configuration will be applied to the host's configuration.
So how does it.
It's complete successfully.
So no it you see it's become run it and become enabled.
If we click on it you will see the detailed IP address become one.
11 If you remember it's become running manually to use.
Network time the entropy.
Then we walk to the security profile and we check the swan they'll recreation and will be charged.
Here is year 6 I shall become running the S S H is running.
So we make do the change by using the hosts profile.
We checked it x.
I read that is not at the St. Regis hospital tonight.
It's still the Aldo's service but we didn't change.
Still disabled like you see right there.
The E6 I share.
And s h is.
Stop it.
Then of course at that time.
So next we'll try to apply the host profile to it.
I treat so soon the next week.